[Music]
hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alert today we're talking
about the 2008 teen remake of the
musical drama film a star is born so
let's get started we will do our best to
do summaries for all the 2019 asks for
Best Picture nominees before the awards
check out the playlist above for more
nominees summaries the movie opens with
Jack a famous country singer and
struggles with depression drugs and
alcohol jack visits a local bar and sees
a performance by ally and the two end up
spending the night talking where she
explains the struggles she's been having
trying to enter into the music industry
for not having the right look Jack
invites ally to his next show and gets
her to perform on stage and the audience
loves her she begins touring with him
and the romance begins during the tour
they visit the ranch where Jack her up
and his father is buried only to learn
that Jack's brother Bobby sold the ranch
Jack later punches Bobby over this and
Bobby quits as his tour manager Bobby
later explains that he did tell Jack
about the sale but Jack was too drunk to
remember any of it on tour Ally meets
rez a record producer who offers her a
contract ally changes to singing pop
music Jack passes out and misses Ali's
performance and later wakes up at a
friend's house there he proposes to ally
with a ring made from a guitar string
and they marry that day at the local
church during Ally's SNL performance
Bobby and Jack reconcile ally is
nominated for three Grammy Awards at the
awards jack performs while incredibly
drunk and Ally wins Best New Artist
during her acceptance speech however
Jack stumbles onstage and ends up
wetting himself Jacko is to rehab for
two months after this there he tells a
counselor about attempting suicide when
he was 13
Jack apologizes to Ally and she wants
him to go on tour with her in Europe but
res won't allow it
so she cancels the tour res later
accuses Jack of holding Ally back that
evening while Ally is performing Jack
hangs himself in there
Elly is extremely upset she is visited
by Bobby who explains that Jack's death
was his own fault not hers as the film
concludes Ally performs a song that Jack
had written so that's the spoilers for a
star is born if you have another film
you'd like to see me spoil please let me
know in the comments below check out
movie's spoiler alerts on our various
forms of social media and remember to
Like and subscribe thanks for watching